typescript/graphql/README.md, before:

# GraphQL Server Example

This example shows how to implement a **GraphQL server with TypeScript** with the following stack:

- [**Apollo Server**](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server): HTTP server for GraphQL APIs   
- [**GraphQL Nexus**](https://nexusjs.org/docs/): GraphQL schema definition and resolver implementation 
- [**Prisma Client**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-client): Databases access (ORM)                  
- [**Prisma Migrate**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-migrate): Database migrations               
- [**SQLite**](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html): Local, file-based SQL database

## Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Using the GraphQL API](#using-the-graphql-api)
- [Evolving the app](#evolving-the-app)
- [Switch to another database (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server)](#switch-to-another-database-eg-postgresql-mysql-sql-server)
- [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Getting started

### 1. Download example and install dependencies

Download this example:

```
curl https://codeload.github.com/prisma/prisma-examples/tar.gz/latest | tar -xz --strip=2 prisma-examples-latest/typescript/graphql
```

Install npm dependencies:

```
cd graphql
npm install
```

<details><summary><strong>Alternative:</strong> Clone the entire repo</summary>

Clone this repository:

```
git clone git@github.com:prisma/prisma-examples.git --depth=1
```

Install npm dependencies:

```
cd prisma-examples/typescript/graphql
npm install
```

</details>

### 2. Create and seed the database

Run the following command to create your SQLite database file. This also creates the `User` and `Post` tables that are defined in [`prisma/schema.prisma`](./prisma/schema.prisma):

```
npx prisma migrate dev --name init
```

Now, seed the database with the sample data in [`prisma/seed.ts`](./prisma/seed.ts) by running the following command:

```
npx prisma db seed --preview-feature
```


### 3. Start the GraphQL server

Launch your GraphQL server with this command:

```
npm run dev
```

Navigate to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) in your browser to explore the API of your GraphQL server in a [GraphQL Playground](https://github.com/prisma/graphql-playground).


## Using the GraphQL API

The schema that specifies the API operations of your GraphQL server is defined in [`./schema.graphql`](./schema.graphql). Below are a number of operations that you can send to the API using the GraphQL Playground.

Feel free to adjust any operation by adding or removing fields. The GraphQL Playground helps you with its auto-completion and query validation features.

### Retrieve all published posts and their authors

```graphql
query {
  feed {
    id
    title
    content
    published
    author {
      id
      name
      email
    }
  }
}
```

<details><summary><strong>See more API operations</strong></summary>

### Retrieve the drafts of a user

```graphql
{
  draftsByUser(
    userUniqueInput: {
      email: "mahmoud@prisma.io"
    }
  ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
    author {
      id
      name
      email
    }
  }
}
```


### Create a new user

```graphql
mutation {
  signupUser(data: { name: "Sarah", email: "sarah@prisma.io" }) {
    id
  }
}
```

### Create a new draft

```graphql
mutation {
  createDraft(
    data: { title: "Join the Prisma Slack", content: "https://slack.prisma.io" }
    authorEmail: "alice@prisma.io"
  ) {
    id
    viewCount
    published
    author {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```

### Publish/unpublish an existing post

```graphql
mutation {
  togglePublishPost(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
    published
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  togglePublishPost(id: 5) {
    id
    published
  }
}
```

### Increment the view count of a post

```graphql
mutation {
  incrementPostViewCount(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
    viewCount
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  incrementPostViewCount(id: 5) {
    id
    viewCount
  }
}
```

### Search for posts that contain a specific string in their title or content

```graphql
{
  feed(
    searchString: "prisma"
  ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Paginate and order the returned posts

```graphql
{
  feed(
    skip: 2
    take: 2
    orderBy: { updatedAt: desc }
  ) {
    id
    updatedAt
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Retrieve a single post

```graphql
{
  postById(id: __POST_ID__ ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
{
  postById(id: 5 ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Delete a post

```graphql
mutation {
  deletePost(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  deletePost(id: 5) {
    id
  }
}
```

</details>

## Evolving the app

Evolving the application typically requires two steps:

1. Migrate your database using Prisma Migrate
1. Update your application code

For the following example scenario, assume you want to add a "profile" feature to the app where users can create a profile and write a short bio about themselves.

### 1. Migrate your database using Prisma Migrate

The first step is to add a new table, e.g. called `Profile`, to the database. You can do this by adding a new model to your [Prisma schema file](./prisma/schema.prisma) file and then running a migration afterwards:

```diff
// ./prisma/schema.prisma

model User {
  id      Int      @default(autoincrement()) @id
  name    String?
  email   String   @unique
  posts   Post[]
+ profile Profile?
}

model Post {
  id        Int      @id @default(autoincrement())
  createdAt DateTime @default(now())
  updatedAt DateTime @updatedAt
  title     String
  content   String?
  published Boolean  @default(false)
  viewCount Int      @default(0)
  author    User?    @relation(fields: [authorId], references: [id])
  authorId  Int?
}

+model Profile {
+  id     Int     @default(autoincrement()) @id
+  bio    String?
+  user   User    @relation(fields: [userId], references: [id])
+  userId Int     @unique
+}
```

Once you've updated your data model, you can execute the changes against your database with the following command:

```
npx prisma migrate dev --name add-profile
```

This adds another migration to the `prisma/migrations` directory and creates the new `Profile` table in the database.

### 2. Update your application code

You can now use your `PrismaClient` instance to perform operations against the new `Profile` table. Those operations can be used to implement queries and mutations in the GraphQL API.

#### 2.1. Add the `Profile` type to your GraphQL schema

First, add a new GraphQL type via Nexus' `objectType` function:

```diff
// ./src/schema.ts

+const Profile = objectType({
+  name: 'Profile',
+  definition(t) {
+    t.nonNull.int('id')
+    t.string('bio')
+    t.field('user', {
+      type: 'User',
+      resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
+        return context.prisma.profile
+          .findUnique({
+            where: { id: parent.id || undefined },
+          })
+          .user()
+      },
+    })
+  },
+})

const User = objectType({
  name: 'User',
  definition(t) {
    t.nonNull.int('id')
    t.string('name')
    t.nonNull.string('email')
    t.nonNull.list.nonNull.field('posts', {
      type: 'Post',
      resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
        return context.prisma.user
          .findUnique({
            where: { id: parent.id || undefined },
          })
          .posts()
      },
+   t.field('profile', {
+     type: 'Profile',
+     resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
+       return context.prisma.user.findUnique({
+         where: { id: parent.id }
+       }).profile()
+     }
+   })
  },
})
```

Don't forget to include the new type in the `types` array that's passed to `makeSchema`:

```diff
export const schema = makeSchema({
  types: [
    Query,
    Mutation,
    Post,
    User,
+   Profile,
    UserUniqueInput,
    UserCreateInput,
    PostCreateInput,
    PostOrderBy,
    DateTime,
  ],
  // ... as before
}
```

Note that in order to resolve any type errors, your development server needs to be running so that the Nexus types can be generated. If it's not running, you can start it with `npm run dev`.

#### 2.2. Add a `createProfile` GraphQL mutation

```diff
// ./src/schema.ts

const Mutation = objectType({
  name: 'Mutation',
  definition(t) {

    // other mutations

+   t.field('addProfileForUser', {
+     type: 'Profile',
+     args: {
+       userUniqueInput: nonNull(
+         arg({
+           type: 'UserUniqueInput',
+         }),
+       ),
+       bio: stringArg()
+     }, 
+     resolve: async (_, args, context) => {
+       return context.prisma.profile.create({
+         data: {
+           bio: args.bio,
+           user: {
+             connect: {
+               id: args.userUniqueInput.id || undefined,
+               email: args.userUniqueInput.email || undefined,
+             }
+           }
+         }
+       })
+     }
+   })

  }
})
```

Finally, you can test the new mutation like this:

```graphql
mutation {
  addProfileForUser(
    userUniqueInput: {
      email: "mahmoud@prisma.io"
    }
    bio: "I like turtles"
  ) {
    id
    bio
    user {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```

<details><summary>Expand to view more sample Prisma Client queries on <code>Profile</code></summary>

Here are some more sample Prisma Client queries on the new <code>Profile</code> model:

##### Create a new profile for an existing user

```ts
const profile = await prisma.profile.create({
  data: {
    bio: 'Hello World',
    user: {
      connect: { email: 'alice@prisma.io' },
    },
  },
})
```

##### Create a new user with a new profile

```ts
const user = await prisma.user.create({
  data: {
    email: 'john@prisma.io',
    name: 'John',
    profile: {
      create: {
        bio: 'Hello World',
      },
    },
  },
})
```

##### Update the profile of an existing user

```ts
const userWithUpdatedProfile = await prisma.user.update({
  where: { email: 'alice@prisma.io' },
  data: {
    profile: {
      update: {
        bio: 'Hello Friends',
      },
    },
  },
})
```

</details>

## Switch to another database (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server)

If you want to try this example with another database than SQLite, you can adjust the the database connection in [`prisma/schema.prisma`](./prisma/schema.prisma) by reconfiguring the `datasource` block. 

Learn more about the different connection configurations in the [docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs/reference/database-reference/connection-urls).

<details><summary>Expand for an overview of example configurations with different databases</summary>

### PostgreSQL

For PostgreSQL, the connection URL has the following structure:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "postgresql"
  url      = "postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE?schema=SCHEMA"
}
```

Here is an example connection string with a local PostgreSQL database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "postgresql"
  url      = "postgresql://janedoe:mypassword@localhost:5432/notesapi?schema=public"
}
```

### MySQL

For MySQL, the connection URL has the following structure:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE"
}
```

Here is an example connection string with a local MySQL database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://janedoe:mypassword@localhost:3306/notesapi"
}
```

### Microsoft SQL Server (Preview)

Here is an example connection string with a local Microsoft SQL Server database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "sqlserver"
  url      = "sqlserver://localhost:1433;initial catalog=sample;user=sa;password=mypassword;"
}
```

Because SQL Server is currently in [Preview](https://www.prisma.io/docs/about/releases#preview), you need to specify the `previewFeatures` on your `generator` block:

```prisma
generator client {
  provider        = "prisma-client-js"
  previewFeatures = ["microsoftSqlServer"]
}
```

</details>

## Next steps

- Check out the [Prisma docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs)
- Share your feedback in the [`prisma2`](https://prisma.slack.com/messages/CKQTGR6T0/) channel on the [Prisma Slack](https://slack.prisma.io/)
- Create issues and ask questions on [GitHub](https://github.com/prisma/prisma/)
- Watch our biweekly "What's new in Prisma" livestreams on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCptAHlN1gdwD89tFM3ENb6w)

Commit message:

Add an Open with Gitpod button to the typescript/graphql example.

typescript/graphql/README.md, after:

# GraphQL Server Example

This example shows how to implement a **GraphQL server with TypeScript** with the following stack:

- [**Apollo Server**](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server): HTTP server for GraphQL APIs   
- [**GraphQL Nexus**](https://nexusjs.org/docs/): GraphQL schema definition and resolver implementation 
- [**Prisma Client**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-client): Databases access (ORM)                  
- [**Prisma Migrate**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-migrate): Database migrations               
- [**SQLite**](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html): Local, file-based SQL database

## Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Using the GraphQL API](#using-the-graphql-api)
- [Evolving the app](#evolving-the-app)
- [Switch to another database (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server)](#switch-to-another-database-eg-postgresql-mysql-sql-server)
- [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Getting started

### In an ephemeral cloud-based development environment

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#EXAMPLE_DIR=typescript/graphql/https://github.com/mikenikles/prisma-examples/tree/configure-gitpod)

### 1. Download example and install dependencies

Download this example:

```
curl https://codeload.github.com/prisma/prisma-examples/tar.gz/latest | tar -xz --strip=2 prisma-examples-latest/typescript/graphql
```

Install npm dependencies:

```
cd graphql
npm install
```

<details><summary><strong>Alternative:</strong> Clone the entire repo</summary>

Clone this repository:

```
git clone git@github.com:prisma/prisma-examples.git --depth=1
```

Install npm dependencies:

```
cd prisma-examples/typescript/graphql
npm install
```

</details>

### 2. Create and seed the database

Run the following command to create your SQLite database file. This also creates the `User` and `Post` tables that are defined in [`prisma/schema.prisma`](./prisma/schema.prisma):

```
npx prisma migrate dev --name init
```

Now, seed the database with the sample data in [`prisma/seed.ts`](./prisma/seed.ts) by running the following command:

```
npx prisma db seed --preview-feature
```


### 3. Start the GraphQL server

Launch your GraphQL server with this command:

```
npm run dev
```

Navigate to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) in your browser to explore the API of your GraphQL server in a [GraphQL Playground](https://github.com/prisma/graphql-playground).


## Using the GraphQL API

The schema that specifies the API operations of your GraphQL server is defined in [`./schema.graphql`](./schema.graphql). Below are a number of operations that you can send to the API using the GraphQL Playground.

Feel free to adjust any operation by adding or removing fields. The GraphQL Playground helps you with its auto-completion and query validation features.

### Retrieve all published posts and their authors

```graphql
query {
  feed {
    id
    title
    content
    published
    author {
      id
      name
      email
    }
  }
}
```

<details><summary><strong>See more API operations</strong></summary>

### Retrieve the drafts of a user

```graphql
{
  draftsByUser(
    userUniqueInput: {
      email: "mahmoud@prisma.io"
    }
  ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
    author {
      id
      name
      email
    }
  }
}
```


### Create a new user

```graphql
mutation {
  signupUser(data: { name: "Sarah", email: "sarah@prisma.io" }) {
    id
  }
}
```

### Create a new draft

```graphql
mutation {
  createDraft(
    data: { title: "Join the Prisma Slack", content: "https://slack.prisma.io" }
    authorEmail: "alice@prisma.io"
  ) {
    id
    viewCount
    published
    author {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```

### Publish/unpublish an existing post

```graphql
mutation {
  togglePublishPost(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
    published
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  togglePublishPost(id: 5) {
    id
    published
  }
}
```

### Increment the view count of a post

```graphql
mutation {
  incrementPostViewCount(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
    viewCount
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  incrementPostViewCount(id: 5) {
    id
    viewCount
  }
}
```

### Search for posts that contain a specific string in their title or content

```graphql
{
  feed(
    searchString: "prisma"
  ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Paginate and order the returned posts

```graphql
{
  feed(
    skip: 2
    take: 2
    orderBy: { updatedAt: desc }
  ) {
    id
    updatedAt
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Retrieve a single post

```graphql
{
  postById(id: __POST_ID__ ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
{
  postById(id: 5 ) {
    id
    title
    content
    published
  }
}
```

### Delete a post

```graphql
mutation {
  deletePost(id: __POST_ID__) {
    id
  }
}
```

Note that you need to replace the `__POST_ID__` placeholder with an actual `id` from a `Post` record in the database, e.g.`5`:

```graphql
mutation {
  deletePost(id: 5) {
    id
  }
}
```

</details>

## Evolving the app

Evolving the application typically requires two steps:

1. Migrate your database using Prisma Migrate
1. Update your application code

For the following example scenario, assume you want to add a "profile" feature to the app where users can create a profile and write a short bio about themselves.

### 1. Migrate your database using Prisma Migrate

The first step is to add a new table, e.g. called `Profile`, to the database. You can do this by adding a new model to your [Prisma schema file](./prisma/schema.prisma) file and then running a migration afterwards:

```diff
// ./prisma/schema.prisma

model User {
  id      Int      @default(autoincrement()) @id
  name    String?
  email   String   @unique
  posts   Post[]
+ profile Profile?
}

model Post {
  id        Int      @id @default(autoincrement())
  createdAt DateTime @default(now())
  updatedAt DateTime @updatedAt
  title     String
  content   String?
  published Boolean  @default(false)
  viewCount Int      @default(0)
  author    User?    @relation(fields: [authorId], references: [id])
  authorId  Int?
}

+model Profile {
+  id     Int     @default(autoincrement()) @id
+  bio    String?
+  user   User    @relation(fields: [userId], references: [id])
+  userId Int     @unique
+}
```

Once you've updated your data model, you can execute the changes against your database with the following command:

```
npx prisma migrate dev --name add-profile
```

This adds another migration to the `prisma/migrations` directory and creates the new `Profile` table in the database.

### 2. Update your application code

You can now use your `PrismaClient` instance to perform operations against the new `Profile` table. Those operations can be used to implement queries and mutations in the GraphQL API.

#### 2.1. Add the `Profile` type to your GraphQL schema

First, add a new GraphQL type via Nexus' `objectType` function:

```diff
// ./src/schema.ts

+const Profile = objectType({
+  name: 'Profile',
+  definition(t) {
+    t.nonNull.int('id')
+    t.string('bio')
+    t.field('user', {
+      type: 'User',
+      resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
+        return context.prisma.profile
+          .findUnique({
+            where: { id: parent.id || undefined },
+          })
+          .user()
+      },
+    })
+  },
+})

const User = objectType({
  name: 'User',
  definition(t) {
    t.nonNull.int('id')
    t.string('name')
    t.nonNull.string('email')
    t.nonNull.list.nonNull.field('posts', {
      type: 'Post',
      resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
        return context.prisma.user
          .findUnique({
            where: { id: parent.id || undefined },
          })
          .posts()
      },
+   t.field('profile', {
+     type: 'Profile',
+     resolve: (parent, _, context) => {
+       return context.prisma.user.findUnique({
+         where: { id: parent.id }
+       }).profile()
+     }
+   })
  },
})
```

Don't forget to include the new type in the `types` array that's passed to `makeSchema`:

```diff
export const schema = makeSchema({
  types: [
    Query,
    Mutation,
    Post,
    User,
+   Profile,
    UserUniqueInput,
    UserCreateInput,
    PostCreateInput,
    PostOrderBy,
    DateTime,
  ],
  // ... as before
}
```

Note that in order to resolve any type errors, your development server needs to be running so that the Nexus types can be generated. If it's not running, you can start it with `npm run dev`.

#### 2.2. Add a `createProfile` GraphQL mutation

```diff
// ./src/schema.ts

const Mutation = objectType({
  name: 'Mutation',
  definition(t) {

    // other mutations

+   t.field('addProfileForUser', {
+     type: 'Profile',
+     args: {
+       userUniqueInput: nonNull(
+         arg({
+           type: 'UserUniqueInput',
+         }),
+       ),
+       bio: stringArg()
+     }, 
+     resolve: async (_, args, context) => {
+       return context.prisma.profile.create({
+         data: {
+           bio: args.bio,
+           user: {
+             connect: {
+               id: args.userUniqueInput.id || undefined,
+               email: args.userUniqueInput.email || undefined,
+             }
+           }
+         }
+       })
+     }
+   })

  }
})
```

Finally, you can test the new mutation like this:

```graphql
mutation {
  addProfileForUser(
    userUniqueInput: {
      email: "mahmoud@prisma.io"
    }
    bio: "I like turtles"
  ) {
    id
    bio
    user {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```

<details><summary>Expand to view more sample Prisma Client queries on <code>Profile</code></summary>

Here are some more sample Prisma Client queries on the new <code>Profile</code> model:

##### Create a new profile for an existing user

```ts
const profile = await prisma.profile.create({
  data: {
    bio: 'Hello World',
    user: {
      connect: { email: 'alice@prisma.io' },
    },
  },
})
```

##### Create a new user with a new profile

```ts
const user = await prisma.user.create({
  data: {
    email: 'john@prisma.io',
    name: 'John',
    profile: {
      create: {
        bio: 'Hello World',
      },
    },
  },
})
```

##### Update the profile of an existing user

```ts
const userWithUpdatedProfile = await prisma.user.update({
  where: { email: 'alice@prisma.io' },
  data: {
    profile: {
      update: {
        bio: 'Hello Friends',
      },
    },
  },
})
```

</details>

## Switch to another database (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL Server)

If you want to try this example with another database than SQLite, you can adjust the the database connection in [`prisma/schema.prisma`](./prisma/schema.prisma) by reconfiguring the `datasource` block. 

Learn more about the different connection configurations in the [docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs/reference/database-reference/connection-urls).

<details><summary>Expand for an overview of example configurations with different databases</summary>

### PostgreSQL

For PostgreSQL, the connection URL has the following structure:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "postgresql"
  url      = "postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE?schema=SCHEMA"
}
```

Here is an example connection string with a local PostgreSQL database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "postgresql"
  url      = "postgresql://janedoe:mypassword@localhost:5432/notesapi?schema=public"
}
```

### MySQL

For MySQL, the connection URL has the following structure:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE"
}
```

Here is an example connection string with a local MySQL database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = "mysql://janedoe:mypassword@localhost:3306/notesapi"
}
```

### Microsoft SQL Server (Preview)

Here is an example connection string with a local Microsoft SQL Server database:

```prisma
datasource db {
  provider = "sqlserver"
  url      = "sqlserver://localhost:1433;initial catalog=sample;user=sa;password=mypassword;"
}
```

Because SQL Server is currently in [Preview](https://www.prisma.io/docs/about/releases#preview), you need to specify the `previewFeatures` on your `generator` block:

```prisma
generator client {
  provider        = "prisma-client-js"
  previewFeatures = ["microsoftSqlServer"]
}
```

</details>

## Next steps

- Check out the [Prisma docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs)
- Share your feedback in the [`prisma2`](https://prisma.slack.com/messages/CKQTGR6T0/) channel on the [Prisma Slack](https://slack.prisma.io/)
- Create issues and ask questions on [GitHub](https://github.com/prisma/prisma/)
- Watch our biweekly "What's new in Prisma" livestreams on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCptAHlN1gdwD89tFM3ENb6w)
